Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪
I am strong and confident.
I am brave and balanced.
I am brave and bal-
Balanced.
Danielle is going to love
my designs.
She is going to love my designs.
I sought simplicity in both
efficiency and aesthetic
with neutral centerpieces.
clean white table settings and
an agreeable surf and turf menu.
It's by the book...
But the Essential Events way.
The client will love these.
I am so happy to hear you
say that.
because I had some
extra time and...
I wanted to present the client
with something a little
more personal.
They mentioned a love of nature.
so I adjusted the entryway
to reflect that.
And. I also looked
into napkin origami
to spice up the table settings
a little.
It is a paper company.
after all.
Emma. these are incredible.
but I'm afraid the client
won't love this.
It's just the reality
of corporate events.
Pragmatism over personal touch.
I understand.
I figured it was worth a shot.
And hey. now I know how to turn
a napkin into a duck
in under five minutes.
Leave it to you to find
the silver lining.
Which reminds me.
we're opening a new firm
in Seattle
and my partners have asked me
to find a candidate to lead it.
I immediately thought of you.
Oh. wow. thank you. Danielle.
that sounds like
a huge opportunity.
Well it would be but it would
mean you relocating to Seattle.
You would oversee our entire
client schedule
and you'd be the queen
of corporate events there.
That's quite a title.
Oh.
Oh. it's your sister's
engagement party tonight. right?
Technically it starts
in 20 minutes.
But. if I leave here
in three minutes
I can still get there
with two minutes to spare.
You know. why don't we do
something crazy
and let you off early so you can
have two minutes to spare
and three minutes to relax?
-Relax?
-Mm-hm.
That's not something
I do often.
I know. I know. so go.
Get out of here.
♪
Step away from the flowers
or I erase the sign.
Miranda Hall. you wouldn't dare.
Oh. Emma Hall. I would.
This is my engagement party!
Not one of your
corporate events.
I spent three hours
on that sign.
I even took a calligraphy course
for you.
They have those?
The internet has everything.
Which. if I remember correctly.
you said you wouldn't plan
my wedding.
Not wouldn't. couldn't.
Ah. and yet. here you are.
arranging flowers and writing
beautiful hashtags.
I know. but planning a whole
wedding is so different.
It's one of the most important
days of your life.
Trust me. if you're gonna
hire someone to do it.
you want someone
with experience.
Well. unfortunately
not a whole lot of people
want to plan a wedding
in six weeks.
Which is why. I decided
to do it myself.
Not a whole lot of people want
to plan anything
in just six weeks.
Are you sure you can't wait
just a little longer?
Our five year anniversary
is the perfect date
and you could throw a million
wedding details at me...
But the date is the only one
that matters.
I know.
Although. I have to say.
this venue is looking
pretty good too.
I. I can't believe we got
this place for our wedding.
It's perfect.
Also. what are you wearing?
Oh. compliments of cousin Becky.
Don't worry. She has a sash
for you too.
Hide me.
Only if you promise to talk to
at least one single guy here.
Ok. now you sound like Mom.
And we both agree.
it's time for you to.
you know. put yourself
out there.
Speaking of that.
have you met...
Jamal? Brett's college friend
from Singapore?
Yeah. met him. Great guy.
Really into Ferris Wheels.
That sounds interesting.
So. he's passionate.
He also lives 9.400 miles away.
Well. I. you're my sister.
and I love you. I do.
But I'm really worried
that you're focusing so much
on everyone else's dreams
that you're forgetting
about your own.
Now she really sounds like me.
Mom. You did not have to bake
anything for today.
But these are your
milestone macaroons.
I made them for
every graduation.
Your first dance.
and when you passed
your driver's test.
Uh. you also made them
when I failed my driver's test.
Yes. And when you went
to try again. you passed.
And you're welcome.
Miranda. oh. this is such
a beautiful space
for your engagement party.
Oh. and don't forget.
the wedding too.
See? And this venue is totally
cool with a six-week heads up.
And Emma. did you see
the caterer?
Ooh.
Around your age.
Ok. why is it always about
my dating life?
Mom. you know
I've been telling you
to start putting yourself
out there again.
And I will.
I will. um. in my own time.
But for now. I wanna take
good care of my daughters.
Oh. I think it's time
for speeches.
On that note.
Mom. Emma. will you please
gather everyone
for the speeches?
On it.
-I did it! I did it!
-I'm doing it. too!
Hey kids. it's time
to come inside.
Incoming!
Hey!
This is an engagement party.
not a circus.
Emma?
Liam. Hi.
It's been a while.
A year.
Not that I've been counting.
I see you're still biking.
Kind of have to when you own
a bike shop.
Right.
How are things at your shop?
Good.
Great. actually.
We just got a new shipment
in of tandem bikes.
if you ever want to give it
another try.
I'm good. thanks.
I have to say. I haven't crashed
since then.
Until now. when you almost
ran into me?
I was only going so fast
because...
You were late? Hm.
Reminds me of our first date.
And only date.
Emma! Emma!
Don't move.
If you missed me this much.
a hug would have sufficed.
Oh. dream on.
Just hide me.
I got an idea.
Hey. kids!
Guess what time it is?
It's ice cream time!
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
Ok. ok. ok.
Let's get some ice cream.
Well. thank you.
No problem.
I'm gonna go.
Yeah.
♪
-Oh!
-Hi.
The best looking man
at the party.
-How're you doing?
-Thanks for coming.
-Nice to see you. Liam.
-Same here.
-Hi. Mom.
-Hi. sweetheart.
-How's it going?
-Good. good.
Mel. it's so good to see you.
Hi! Liam.
-You look lovely.
-Thank you.
Wait. how do you know my mom?
Liam came over for dinner with
Brett and Miranda a while ago.
They wanted me to get to know
their best man.
You're the best man?
Best friend. best man.
Usually that's how it works.
That's not a problem. is it?
No. not at all.
...and Maid of Honor...
Speaking of. Emma. honey.
Maid of honor's up next.
Thanks.
And you're Maid of Honor?
Sister. Maid of Honor.
tends to work out that way too.
Guess that's my cue.
I am calm and confident.
I am brave and balanced.
They're gonna love my speech.
They are gonna love my speech.
Speech.
Speeches are good.
speeches are fun.
Uh. we. I mean you. Brett
and Miranda. like speeches.
May I?
I think what Emma's trying
to say is that today
is a sentimental day
for everyone.
Even the cake is in tears.
And that happiness
right there.
that's all I've ever wanted
for my sister.
Thank you.
Your love for puns certainly
hasn't changed.
And you still do those
affirmations. I see.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I think I remember you doing
them right as I dropped you off.
Something like. you can be
single and still be happy.
Well. both of those things
are true.
That was quite
the joint speech.
Yeah.
Clearly you guys can work
well together. In tandem.
Too soon for failed
blind date jokes?
It's been a year.
You guys have moved
past it. right?
Don't worry about me.
I forgave Emma's bike riding
skills a long time ago.
Very funny.
As long as I'm not the girl
waiting for Liam
to arrive on time.
I'm good.
Found ya!
And Liam. don't think
I forgot about you.
-Yay!
-Thank you.
Be right back!
-Cheers.
Cheers.
What shade of pink?
Definitely the second.
It's understated and elegant.
just like you.
You have the best instincts.
Speaking of which.
I need your help
with something tomorrow.
Pick out the wedding dress?
Don't worry. I already have
some thoughts.
Mom sent her ideas too.
Let me guess. poofy sleeves?
If it reminded her of
her wedding. she sent it.
On that note. I should probably
get back to work.
It is crazy right now.
Everything ok?
Yeah. Brett and I are in charge
of overseeing the restructuring
for one of our biggest clients
out West.
Miranda. that's huge.
Out on your own
for less than a year
and look how far you guys
have come.
Running your own consulting
company is great
but this new job has been
a lesson in patience.
Is there anything I can do
to help?
Find my wedding dress tomorrow.
I can't wait.
-Love you.
-Love you too.
Queen of corporate events.
♪
You find anything yet?
She hasn't. but I sure have.
This reminds me. I do want
to go look at the lace options.
Just keep it to a minimum. Mom.
Kind of feel like the dress
will find me.
I wish I could wear
tennis shoes.
Of course you do.
Ok. ok. I should probably
start searching
a little more seriously.
So. I got offered a promotion
at work.
What? Way to bury the lead.
Why are we not celebrating?
Because I haven't taken it yet
and I don't want to tell Mom
until I do.
I'd have to move to Seattle.
Seattle?
Wow. you better believe
that I will be visiting.
You know. I watch that show with
the fish throwing guys on TV.
it's crazy.
You know what's crazy?
The fact that we are wedding
dress shopping
and you haven't tried on
a single one.
Meet me in the dressing room.
Mom. her wedding is gonna
be beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Wait. the finishing touch.
The one I wore when I married
your dad.
I wish he was here to see this.
He's here in spirit.
We understand.
We'll be there as soon
as possible.
What's going on. Brett?
Is everything ok?
Not exactly.
Our west coast guys just called.
the onsite consultant quit.
What? He just up and left?
Yeah.
Apparently the reconstructing
was too much for him to handle.
We have to get over there now.
we cannot afford to lose
this deal.
I know. but the job is slated
to take weeks.
Weeks. how many weeks?
Well. technically
we had until...
Three days before the wedding.
Three days?!
That's why we sent him
in our place to begin with.
We knew we'd have to handle
wedding details here
so we planned to do everything
virtually.
Well. can't you send
someone else?
No. Not now.
Our reputations are
on the line.
You know. it's. it's fine.
I'll just hire a wedding
planner.
Emma. you said you could
refer someone?
There's no time for that.
Unless...
No. No way!
No. it'll be perfect.
You won't even have to be
a wedding planner.
more like a wedding...
...stand-in.
I already have all
the meetings set up
with the florist and the band.
you just have to stand in
for me.
A wedding stand-in?
Miranda. corporate events
are very different...
Listen. I know you think
you're not cut out for this.
but I believe in you.
Please. Emma.
I promise it'll be fun
and if you say yes.
I'll never make you wear
a cousin Becky sash again.
Ok. I'll do it.
Yes. you are the best sister.
But. I am not a wedding planner.
so fair warning...
No. wedding stand -in.
Very different.
But. who's standing in for me?
Hm. Good question.
Cousin Al?
Please. no.
Too much time with that cologne
might just be the death of me.
No. I got someone really
different in mind.
You want me to be a what?
A wedding stand-in.
-Is that a thing?
-It is now.
But what does it entail?
That's what I'm still trying
to figure out.
It's simple. I already have
all the meetings
set up with the vendors.
Meetings we were going
to attend. but now can't.
So you guys will go.
-As you?
-For us.
You aren't pretending to be us.
you're representing us.
And making all the decisions.
But how do we know
what decisions to make?
You both know us so well.
we trust you to choose for us.
-Miranda. are you sure?
-Absolutely.
That way we can focus all our
attention on the restructuring.
With two of us there.
things will go much faster.
Plus. Brett and I
talked about it
and we thought
it would be fun
to have everything about
the wedding be a surprise.
You don't even want me to run
our decisions by you?
Nope.
Because at the end of the day.
you could throw a million
wedding details at us but...
It's the date
that matters.
See. you guys get it.
And I promise we will be back
in time for the wedding.
Well. that's a relief.
We can't be standing in
for you on the altar.
You guys think
you're up for this?
I'm in.
I promise it will be the wedding
of your dreams.
A stand-in?
Yeah. Apparently I have flowers
to arrange and cakes to taste.
How're we doing today?
Three more requests
for electronic shifts.
What's next? Bikes that
ride themselves?
Let's hope not.
If I fix a few more vintage ones
maybe people will want to go
back to the good ol' days.
You know. when we shifted
our own gears.
Got time for one more?
Ed? For you? Always.
And. is that. is that
a Riley Ranger?
You bet it is.
They don't make these anymore.
If I refurbish this you could
sell it for a pretty penny.
You think so?
In the vintage bike world.
this is as good as gold.
I had a feeling it was
a lucky bike.
What do I owe ya?
Come on. Ed. you know
I can't charge ya.
I figured you might say that
so I brought the one payment
I knew you would accept.
Fresh out of the oven.
You're too good to me.
I'll have her ready
in the next few weeks.
Take your time.
If you need me. you know
where you can find me.
Thanks. Ed.
Don't even think about it.
No. I said flip-flops.
Like the shoe.
It's a wedding favor.
because heels can't be worn
forever. sir...
Hi. sorry I'm late.
Planning the whole wedding now.
Kind of.
Actually. standing in.
Long story. never mind.
Well. if you can monogram a wine
glass you can monogram a shoe.
Hm. Breathe.
That felt good.
I know. So you're planning
your sister's wedding now?
Yes. and no.
It's complicated.
But I promise it will
not affect work.
No. this is perfect.
In fact. I think this is exactly
what you need.
It is?
Mmhm. Seattle's
a big decision.
So. take some time.
Focus on the wedding
and when it's over.
we will talk promotion.
Then you'll know
how you feel.
Thank you. Danielle.
I can't tell you how refreshing
it is to hear you say that.
Oh. my gosh. I just remembered.
Drinks. What do people drink
at weddings?
Uh. I think the same things
they drink at other parties.
-Right.
-Yeah.
Right.
You're gonna be great.
You got this.
-I got this.
-Yeah.
♪
Liam Barlow.
reporting for duty.
Congratulations.
-You are one minute early.
-Yes!
So. are you ok that I'm here?
I'm fine. Are you ok
that I'm here?
For sure.
Great.
So. do you know anything
about flowers?
Nothing at all.
But I'm a fast learner.
Well. at least that counts
for something.
-Hi. guys.
-Hey.
I'm Natalie. welcome.
and congratulations
on your engagement.
What? Oh. no.
we're not engaged.
Oh. I thought this was
a wedding appointment.
It is.
-But not our wedding.
-We're sort of standing in.
For the bride and groom.
They're getting married.
not us.
Right. What he said.
Well. the bride and groom
must really trust you.
Shall we get started?
These roses are lovely.
-It's the flower of love. right?
-Mm-hm.
Too predictable.
Peonies weren't?
Classic and predictable
are two very different things.
All right. well what
about sunflowers?
Sunflowers could work.
Hm. Now. these I like.
You've got quite the eye. I love
hydrangeas for weddings.
It's a pass for me.
Hydrangeas and air conditioning
are not friends.
At this rate we're gonna be
here all night.
These.
They're different.
Bold. yet down to earth.
Like Miranda.
And a symbol of new beginnings.
So? Do we have a flower?
We have a flower.
I think Miranda's really gonna
love these.
Wait. Liam!
If you ever need anything for
the wedding or something else.
don't hesitate to call.
I do still have some burning
questions about ranunculus's.
so I'll definitely call you.
Do you even know
what a ranunculus is?
Round and red.
-Oh. it's Miranda.
-Oh.
-Hey!
-Hey.
How's my favorite duo?
You pick us out a flower?
Yep. somehow we both agreed
the second we saw it.
See. I told you working together
wouldn't be so bad.
And don't tell me anything.
I want everything to be
a surprise.
Oh. shoot. Cab is here.
I gotta go.
I'll call you when we land.
Good luck!
We couldn't do this without you.
Literally.
-Happy to help!
-Love you!
So. uh. do you need a ride?
Uh. my car is just around
the corner.
I think I'll be fine.
-Get home safe.
-You too.
And hey. since we can agree
on flowers.
we can now agree
on anything.
Oh. come on. please work.
Maybe a little less bows?
But I want something the wedding
guests will remember.
But honey. the guests also have
to be able to sit.
I am not cut out for this.
Pragmatism over personal touch.
That's why I do
corporate events.
Not ribbons.
-Try something like this.
-Your wedding album?
I brought it over to show you.
Maybe you'll find
some inspiration.
Here.
Oh Mom... It's perfect.
Your hair was so curly
back then.
And a little less grey.
I may add.
And Dad was so handsome.
He took my breath away.
the moment I laid eyes on him.
He used to say the same
about you.
That photo album.
you used to love going through
it when you were little.
I did?
Couldn't put it down.
And you definitely did not
hold back your thoughts.
According to you.
my bouquet was boring.
You said I should have carried
a Christmas tree.
I still stand by that.
Ever since then.
I thought you would make
a good wedding planner.
Why didn't you ever say so?
I think it's important to figure
those things out for yourself.
You never want someone else
to define your dreams for you.
What if you're still trying
to figure out your dream?
You can only know if
you give something a try.
Take a risk.
Kind of like these cookies.
You go for a batch. and if
it's the right recipe.
it will work.
Hand me the cinnamon.
Now. I have never used cinnamon
in this recipe before.
might be risky.
but you'll only know if it works
if we try.
-Mm.
-Mm!
See? Definitely worth the risk.
-It's really good.
-Mhmm.
I need a few more days
with the gears
while I wait for parts
to arrive.
Then she's all yours.
Hey!
Sorry. I thought I'd take
a look around.
I hope you don't mind.
No. no. not at all.
Emma. this is Ed.
my favorite customer.
He owns the bakery
down the street.
Also. my favorite.
I pay him to say all that.
Oh. do you happen to make
wedding cakes.
because we have a wedding
that could use one.
You bet. I can make whatever
you would like.
Then we will have to keep you
in mind for cake testing.
Well then I would be honored.
But. for now. I need to leave
you kids at it.
I have some cupcakes that need
a tune up.
Emma. it's a pleasure
meeting you.
You too. Ed.
See ya.
Thanks. Ed.
I bet you never thought you'd
see that tandem bike again?
You know. I think my mistake
was letting you ride in front.
I definitely should have taken
the lead.
I don't disagree.
Not gonna lie. I wasn't sure
what to expect.
but your shop is pretty cool.
I'd like to think of it as much
more than just a bike shop.
What are all of those. and why
are they hiding in the corner?
Vintage bikes I'm working
on restoring.
It's a bit of a passion project
for me.
I bet they sell like crazy.
You'd be surprised.
It's hard for someone
to walk in here and want
a souped-up Riley Ranger
when they can roll out
with an electric bike.
I'm not certain what
a Riley Ranger is.
but it sounds neat.
It's actually really neat.
It was crowned the first
safety bike.
Picture it. the first cruiser
of its kind.
Well. it looks like you have
your work cut out for you.
They may look rusty.
but giving 'em a second chance
and they can surprise you.
Anyways. enough bike nerd talk.
We have a music date
with the Wishing Bells.
We do.
Let me just get this dirty
apron off and let's go.
Risky. hard to pull off.
but worth it.
Risky? Try overwhelmingly
cheesy.
and if even one person
is off beat...
But everyone loves a flash mob.
Earth to Liam. no flash
mobs allowed.
Even if I let you finish
these fries?
Tempting. but no.
Ok.
Then there better be
a lot of dancing.
There will be. as long as
we find a great band.
I'm still deciding if
I like this one or not.
Well. personally.
I think if we want to find
the perfect band
we gotta dance to them first.
Yeah. you have fun with that.
No. seriously. I'm really
not a good dancer.
I find that hard to believe.
I promise. no flash mobs.
♪
Oh. I'm sorry.
I told you I'm really not good
at this.
You really don't give yourself
enough credit.
Let me let you in on
a little secret.
It's not all about the hips.
it's actually your knees.
Who taught you how to dance?
My grandma.
She also gave me my first bike.
She sounds like a special lady.
She was. And she also
taught me this.
Well. you two sure
impressed us.
Helps when you have
a great partner.
Sounds like you got yourself
a good one... like me.
Oh. no we're not...
And. if you want to keep her.
never stop dancing
and never give up.
Thank you.
Really makes you want to find
someone to grow old together.
So. what do we think?
Still too big in my shoulders?
Are you bringing a date
to the wedding?
A date? I thought you were
my date.
I'm serious. I think it could be
really good for you.
We could even set you up
on a dating website.
A dating app?
How am I supposed to do that
when I can barely figure out
the camera on my phone?
Ah. count me out.
I'm not saying you have
to get married or anything.
but don't you think
it would be nice
to have someone
in your life?
Don't Miranda and I tell you
the same thing?
I don't want you worried
about me.
I'll find someone
when the timing is right.
In the meantime.
I want to spend some time
with my best friend.
Who's that? Do I know her?
Does she have someone
she could introduce you to?
I'm looking at her.
Just promise me.
if you meet the right person.
you'll give him a chance?
Dad would have wanted you to.
I promise.
Now. do you think
she'll like it?
I think she'll love it.
♪
Isn't this absolutely beautiful?
I love the lace.
Look this is gorgeous.
Maybe for you.
Oh. you're so bad.
Did you know a wedding
table setting
has at least 21 components?
Plates. silverware. glasses
and napkins.
Four on my count.
And place cards. favors.
stationary...
Sweetheart. the whole point
to you holding the basket
is so I can place things
in the basket.
Sorry. My mind is kind of
all over the place.
I thought the venue
takes care of all that.
Why don't you leave it
to them?
I'm trying to do something
meaningful. Mom.
Something Miranda
will remember forever.
Let's see.
-Oh.
-Oh. excuse me.
Um.
Oh. by all means.
I'm sure there's more.
Oh no. uh. it seems to be
the last one. so if you...
Ed?
Emma. What a surprise.
You two know each other?
Do you two know each other?
Ed. this is my mom. Mel.
And Mom. this is Ed.
One of Liam's customers.
We just met the other day.
Ah.
Doing some shopping?
Doing the shopping for the week.
It turns out your mother and I
have the same taste in honey.
Ed. please. take.
take the last one.
Too late. turns out I remember
I have some back in the.
in the house. yeah.
So I have to run.
Emma. it's nice to see you
and Mel. I hope to see
you sometime soon.
-Bye. Ed.
-Bye.
Well. that was very nice.
Oh. he was just
being neighborly.
Mom. he runs his own bakery.
I don't think he just casually
gives away his ingredients.
Now. don't make me feel bad.
We should go drop it off to him.
No. I'm not trying to make you
feel bad. Mom.
I'm saying.
you've still got it.
-She's still got it. folks!
-What!
Shh. Keep your voice down!
She's still got it.
Shh. You're so bad.
He wanted a portable charger?
For his bike?
Apparently. he likes
to read his texts
and listen to his podcasts.
-While he rides?
-Yeah.
You shouldn't be looking down
at your phone
when you can be enjoying
the road.
But. if he does. we have
a charger for that.
Just got a shipment in
yesterday.
Happy texting and biking!
Make sure you don't forget
to look up.
Can you believe that?
Pretty soon people won't
leave their house to bike.
I think that's already a thing.
Sometimes I think I was born
in the wrong century.
Right? Send me back
to 1920s Paris.
I'd make a great
tormented writer.
I'm serious.
What's the point of restoring
a vintage bike
if it's just gonna sit there
and collect dust?
You just need to find the right
person to see their worth.
Oh. hey.
I'm early. I know. But. I think
I solved the table setting.
Ooh. fancy.
I just found these
at the farmer's market
and they're over 50 years old.
How perfect are they?
And. I got them for pennies.
Apparently old linens aren't
exactly flying off the shelves.
But Brett and Miranda
will love them.
Yep.
Just took the right person
to see their worth.
So. are you hungry?
I haven't eaten all day.
Great. because I brought
score cards.
Perfect. Hold down the fort?
Like always.
Three. two. one.
Six?
I use this place all the time
for my corporate events.
That's how we were able
to get a private tasting.
Well. I think they could have
used more bacon.
Thank you.
So. what's a corporate event?
Is that like a CEO's wedding?
I wish. No. it's usually
business retreats. big meetings.
fundraisers.
That type of thing.
That actually sounds
kind of exciting.
If I'm being totally honest.
the job isn't exactly what
I imagined it would be.
It's way more about logistics
than it is about turning
visions into reality.
Well. if it's not what
you hoped it would be.
why don't you branch out
on your own
and actually do the events
that you dreamed of?
You clearly have a talent
for weddings.
Plus. I actually just got
offered a promotion at work.
That's awesome.
What's not so awesome.
I'd have to move to Seattle.
Sometimes change can be good.
And. for what it's worth.
I think that if you ventured out
on your own.
you'd be really good at it.
You need some help
over there?
I'm sorry. it's just.
you're always going on about
how things should be meaningful.
And this place. just doesn't
seem like you.
I guess it doesn't seem
like Brett and Miranda either.
What other options do you have?
I don't. And I don't have any
time to find another caterer.
That's why you have me.
You're not doing this on
your own. remember?
I'm thinking we should get out
of this place.
I'm right behind you.
♪
-Mm.
Now that's what
I'm talking about.
I wonder if Brett and Miranda
would want burgers and fries
for their wedding meal?
I'd take this over those
lobster tails any day.
We can't actually serve
fast food at their wedding.
I don't know what
we're gonna do.
We'll figure it out.
I promise.
Let's start with a brainstorm.
What is this?
These are just some
wedding planning notes.
No. this.
-That?
-Mm-hm.
Just something I was sketching
while I was daydreaming
the other day.
And is that a... a frog?
No.
It's a bicycle.
That's supposed to be a bicycle?
Hey. I fix bikes. not draw them.
cut me some slack. ok.
I would. it's just. are there
even handle bars?
Fair enough. All right.
I'm no Van Gogh.
But thankfully I don't need
a logo just yet.
because my vintage bikes aren't
exactly flying off the shelf.
One day. hopefully.
Well. for what it's worth.
Bowentown Bicycles
has a nice to ring to it.
I think so. too.
And your passion for this
is really inspiring.
It's the only thing I've ever
been really passionate about.
And it was instant.
Ever since that first bike
with training wheels.
The one your grandmother
gave you?
Yep.
She taught me how to ride
without training wheels too.
I'll never forget the day
she took them off.
She reminded me to just
keep peddling.
gave me a big hug
and sent me down
that neighborhood hill.
Sure enough. I just
kept peddling
and haven't stopped since.
Somehow my first bike ride ended
up with me falling in a puddle
and seeing my dad laugh
like I had never seen before.
Oh no.
Well. good or bad.
it's one of those days
that everyone remembers.
Or. the first time they rode
a tandem bike.
Almost ended up with us
in a puddle too.
Find a good caterer.
I will find.. ugh!
Mom. can you pass me the other
stacks of menus. please?
Don't you think you should
take a break?
I can't. I have to find at least
one option for tomorrow
if I want a tasting.
Caterers need plenty of time
to prepare
and we're already pushing it.
I think you're pushing
your sanity too.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
I'm not...
You'll get them back
when you relax a bit.
What is with everyone
and relaxing.
Now. do you remember
our favorite thing to do
when you'd get overwhelmed
when you were little?
No. Not gonna happen.
Hold the bowl steady.
Mom!
The batter's going everywhere.
Ok. lift a little higher
and to the left and pour!
I forgot how hard this is.
Perfect.
See? It doesn't hurt
to take a break.
Oh. It's Liam.
He said he found
the perfect caterer.
See? I told you it would
work out.
And now you have time to help me
finish what we started.
Ooh. sorry.
He wants me to meet him there.
like. right away.
Ah. very convenient.
Bye.
♪
Pretty incredible. right?
It's stunning.
Bowentown's best-kept secret.
I've lived here my whole life
and I never even knew
this place existed.
Only question is...
There's a restaurant.
Don't worry.
Apparently. it's amazing.
Natalie recommended it
and since she knows the owners
we have a great table.
Natalie the florist?
Yeah. I figured since she helps
with so many weddings.
she could help recommend
a few options.
I didn't know you were still
in contact with her.
Either way. I'm impressed.
What?
Here.
Let me?
Flower petal.
Great. Thanks.
Ok.
Nope. restaurant is...
This way.
-Yep.
♪
I can't believe I'm saying this.
Liam.
but you could be right
about this place.
Wow. Let me take a moment
here to enjoy this.
Emma Hall thinks I'm right.
Could be.
♪
So. are you bringing anyone
to the wedding?
No. I don't think so.
Why not?
Weddings come with
a lot of pressure.
I think a wedding date
should be someone special.
Until I meet that someone.
I'm flying solo.
You?
I'm flying solo too.
I haven't really been in
the dating market as of late.
No time.
Plus. I want all my focus
to be on Miranda that day.
So. what's the verdict?
Three. two. one.
I think it's safe to say
we're finally in sync.
Or in tandem.
Hey. do you maybe want to take
a walk around?
-Yes.
-And check out the property.
I mean. sure.
A walk sounds nice.
Actually. I have a better idea.
They keep these on the property
for anyone to go explore.
Although these babies have
definitely seen better days.
Which is too bad.
because this place would be
perfect for bike riding.
Seems like they could use
some of your refurbished bikes.
Maybe you should sell
them some?
You know. I've never thought
of that before.
Something to consider.
Clearly. they love
the vintage bike look
but could use some
that have been fixed up.
-Shall we?
-Mm-hm.
You do that on purpose?
I have no idea what
you're talking about?
Man. this place looks like
it's out of a fairy story.
You mean fairy tale?
Story. tale. they both work.
Except that a fairy tale
is an actual word.
You see. that's the corporate
events world in you talking.
You have to leave room
for spontaneity.
Only if you leave room
for a dictionary.
I have to bring Miranda
back here.
She would love this.
If Miranda loves it.
Brett will too.
They do see eye to eye
on everything.
Pretty perfect for each other.
Did you know that
after their first date.
Brett called me and said
"I have met my wife."
No. I had no idea.
Yep. Said he had met
the woman of his dreams.
Hasn't looked back since.
I think Miranda knew
pretty early on too.
They have that connection.
you know. that spark.
That's what I want.
That's nice that you know
what you want.
You don't?
You seem like the person
that has the next ten years
of their lives mapped out.
-You'd be surprised.
-Surprise me.
When it comes to relationships.
for so long I knew my dream man
down to the tie he wore.
And I found him.
or I thought I did.
You can feel like you have
all the pieces
and still find yourself picking
them up when things end.
Doesn't mean you shouldn't
stop looking.
No. It doesn't.
-Race you back?
-Bring it on.
Hi. how's it going over there?
It is going great.
Had a huge meeting today.
Miranda crushed it.
Only because somebody
gave me the best notes.
Oh. wow. you guys!
That's awesome.
Wow. what's gotten into you?
Someone's happy today.
I just had a fun day is all.
With Liam?
Yes. with Liam.
But it's nothing.
We're just getting along better
than I expected.
You sure it couldn't be
something more?
If it was something more.
I'd know. right?
I mean. you and Brett knew you
were going to get married
the moment you first met.
Uh. Brett knew we were
going to get married.
I. on the other hand.
wasn't sure that I wanted
to see him again.
What? He planned a picnic
under the stars.
It was near perfect.
That was our first date.
But our first meeting
was a disaster.
I spilled coffee on him
and he told me I reminded him
of his mother.
Wow. I forgot about that.
Yep.
Can't imagine what life
would be like
if I hadn't given him
a second chance.
Oh. hang on. sis.
That's Liam.
Oh. you guys are hanging out?
He's just dropping off recs
for beverage vendors.
Calm down.
I'll call you back in five.
Bye.
There's literally every type of
drink vendor here known to man.
I threw my five favorite
at the top
and threw some extra
just in case.
Wow. Liam. I am impressed.
I aim to please.
That's it for today. right?
Yeah.
Ok. I'm gonna go.
Wait. actually. since you're
here. I could use your help.
I was just working
on the mood board.
Mood board?
Mm-hm. Ok.
I do this for all my events.
I want the board to reflect
the mood of the wedding.
So. right now I see
excitement. hope.
New beginnings?
Exactly.
But. it's missing something.
Something like this?
-Tennis shoes.
-It's the vibe we need.
I guess I can get so wrapped up
in these things
being picture perfect that
I forget they can be fun too.
Like today was?
Super fun.
What?
Nothing. I just. I guess I never
thought I'd see you again
after that first date.
Let alone have you in my house.
helping me with a mood board.
Come on. that first date
wasn't that bad. was it?
No.
I guess it wasn't.
Turns out going out with
your friend's sister
can be kind of nerve-racking.
You were nervous?
I don't think I stopped talking.
You know. now that
I think about it.
I don't think I got
a word in edgewise.
But. in your defense.
I wasn't really ready
to open up.
Isn't it funny
how time works?
Oh. That's Miranda.
I told her I'd call her back
and I didn't.
No worries.
Um. I should get going anyways.
Good night.
Ciao.
You know. in my day. I actually
made my own wedding cake?
You also had a year to prepare.
I want you to enjoy the day
as much as Miranda.
Not worry about anything
except showing up.
I'm just saying that if the
cakes don't impress us today.
you have options.
Oh. no. We are finding
the perfect cake today.
There is no other option.
That's why you're here. I need
your tasting expertise.
Ok. I'm all yours.
Now. let's go see who this baker
is with his fancy cakes.
I might just have to teach him
a thing or two.
Right. About that.
-Hey.
Mom. you remember Ed.
from the farmer's market?
How could I forget?
I owe you a jar of honey.
I heard you're quite
the baker yourself.
Maybe share a few tips
and we'll call it even.
Mel. thanks for joining us.
We need your expertise.
Thank Emma. She's the one
who invited me.
So. who's ready
for some tasting?
♪
Mm.
Getting a head start?
You know what they say.
The early bird gets the cake.
Do they say that?
Mm. That is really good.
Yeah. Oh. man.
I don't know which one
to choose.
I loved every single one.
I did too. Ed.
Except. I'm wondering
if the cake needs to be
a little more... simple?
We're going colorful
with the flowers.
and big with the band.
so maybe the cake could be
something classic.
Old school. even.
Oh. how about a butter cake?
We used to sell one
at the bakery
and it was a hit
with the customers.
Wait. Mom. didn't you used
to make butter cakes
when we were little?
I did.
And you and Miranda
couldn't get enough of them.
Then Ed. I think that's perfect.
Miranda would love a cake
that reminds her of growing up
and of you. Mom.
Well. you can't go wrong
with one of those.
The thing is. it's been a long
time since I've made one.
I might need you to show me
the ropes on this one. Mel.
Oh. I don't know. It takes
a while to make.
-I'm in no rush.
-Me either.
I've got all day.
♪
The moment of truth.
Ok.
Mm.
So?
I think. um...
it's the best butter cake
I've ever had.
So. do we have
a wedding cake?
Is it really a cake tasting
if I get to bring
the whole thing home?
Correction. we brought it home.
Which means I get this bite.
-You didn't.
-Oh. but I did.
And now that the cake
is finished...
Unfairly! We should have
shared that last bite.
We get to take a chomp
out of this.
♪
Seating chart. check.
Bridesmaid dresses. check.
Invitations. check.
And you thought you couldn't
do it yourself.
You're still considering
that promotion?
'Cause I think that Emma Hall.
wedding planning
sounds pretty good to me.
I'm sure it does.
but enough about me.
How are things going
over there?
Well. you will be happy to know
that everyone is trained.
the client feels great
about the transition
and they said they put out word
about our company in town.
Awesome.
So does that mean you can
come back early?
Oh. we still have a few
loose ends to tie up.
but I spoke to Mom
and she said you and Liam
have everything figured out.
And it sounds like I could
show up on the day of
and be ready to go.
Are you joking?
Was that a joke.
'cause I'm not laughing.
I'm kidding.
You can relax.
I'm still slated to show up
three days before the big day.
I'm so excited and so grateful.
Miranda. you're my sister.
I told you I'd give you
the wedding of your dreams
and it's going to happen.
Oh! I gotta run.
Me too. talk later.
The client is going to love
my designs.
Oh. Emma. what
are you doing here?
Coming into the office isn't
what I meant by taking time off.
I know. but I just couldn't
help myself.
I felt inspired
with some new designs.
You don't relax much.
do you?
Oh. two plans.
That's right. One is
the neutral version.
It was quite a feat
to tone it down.
but I think I managed.
And the second one is my
last attempt to get them
to take a little risk.
I know they don't like big.
bold colors.
so I got creative
with the space.
I suggested a long
dessert table
and I thought a dance floor
would be fun.
I mean. business people
like to groove too.
You went above and beyond
as always. Emma.
I'll take these to the client
and see what they say.
Ok.
Oh. and Emma. please take
some time to relax
and think about the job.
No more work.
-You got it.
-Ok.
-Hey.
-Hey!
How'd it go?
The plans aren't approved yet.
but my boss is hopeful.
so we'll see.
I'll keep my fingers crossed
for you.
Here.
What's this?
Just something small I sketched
between confirming RSVPs.
Small. this is so cool!
Well. you mentioned you wanted
to get some customers
to buy your vintage bikes and
a little branding never hurts.
Is that a Riley Ranger
on the logo?
Just a personal touch.
And for the record.
I'd take a Riley Ranger over
an electric bike any day.
Emma. I don't know what to say.
You don't have to say anything.
All you have to do
is help me decide
if this is a good place
for the altar.
We did it. didn't we?
We planned an amazing wedding
for the people we love.
We did.
And dare I say.
it was fun?
It was. wasn't it?
You have such a knack
for these things.
The cake. the linens. you
put meaning behind everything.
Thank you.
You like the altar here?
I do. You?
I do... too.
Sorry. Oh. it's Natalie.
I have to take this.
it's important.
No problem.
Hey. Natalie.
Great to hear from you.
That can't be good.
The whole plumbing system?
No. no. it's no one's fault.
I'm sure we'll figure
something out.
Thank you.
Good news?
Sadly. no.
So. what does that mean
for the wedding?
We have to find a new venue.
They have to fix the plumbing
on the entire house.
Resod everything.
Could take weeks.
And we can't push it back.
The date means everything
to Brett and Miranda.
A new venue a week
before the wedding?
This can't be happening!
I'm dreaming.
Am I dreaming?
Pinch me.
Here pinch me.
Hey. It's gonna be ok.
Miranda.
Hey. everything
going well?
Yep. Everything's great
on the wedding front.
Well. it isn't here.
Don't get mad. but we had
to push our flights.
A last-minute fire
to put out.
Uh-huh. So. when are you
coming then?
The day before
the wedding.
You aren't coming until...
I know.
But there just isn't
anything we can do
and you just said everything
is fine on your end.
so just keep it that way
until we get there.
Yeah. shouldn't be a problem.
Thank you.
We're the wedding stand-ins.
We got this.
Hey. is this the MacMillan
Centre?
Yeah. I'm just calling to see
if you have any availability
for a wedding next week?
That's the thing.
it's actually next week.
All right.
I appreciate your help.
Bondel Horticultural Museum.
Hi there. I'm calling to see if
your museum can host a wedding?
Yeah. sure.
That's great. It would be
for next week on...
I'm so sorry.
we're booked.
Shoot.
Ok. Thanks anyway.
The arboretum is booked
that day.
Are you sure the zoo
can't fit that many people?
What if we removed
the elephants?
Thank you for trying.
Have a nice day.
Feeling lucky I tell you.
just around the corner.
Twelve times a charm. right?
Just up ahead.
Lucky 13. then?
I don't think that's
how it works.
You tried the courthouse?
Booked through next year.
I'm not sure if this
phone book helps.
I think half these places
are out of business.
I'd offer my bakery but I don't
know if you want people
making wedding toasts
next to an oven.
Bit on the nose?
There has to be another option.
What about a sushi restaurant?
Koi fish can be romantic. right?
I guess we're gonna have
to get creative.
You know. think outside
the box?
But it can't be just anywhere.
It needs to be someplace
special.
Something...
Out of a fairy story.
You call the vendors.
I'll go to the venue.
Got it.
Ed. do you mind if I borrow
her for something?
It's important.
By all means. you're the one
who got her going.
you might as well be the one
to take her on her first spin.
Thanks. Ed.
First. I gotta make a call.
Hey. Natalie. do you have
a second?
Check it out.
Yeah. love it.
Hey. Natalie.
thanks for everything.
Danielle. Hi.
Hi. how are you doing?
The wedding's right around
the corner.
Literally.
Uh. it's been a whirlwind
to say the least.
And hopefully
insightful.
It's giving me a lot
to think about.
Well good. because
that's why I called.
I pitched your updated designs.
And?
And the client loved it.
They did? The dance floor
and all?
The dance floor and all.
Danielle. you don't know
how happy I am to hear that.
Well good. They are going
to make some adjustments
and they'll get their ideas
back to us soon.
I also just got off the phone
with my partners.
They're very excited about you.
We all want you to know
that you're going to be able
to take risks and push yourself
and focus on your vision.
Really?
Yeah.
You won't just be arranging
small business lunches.
We're talking conferences
and trade shows
and executive programs.
Product launches.
So. color. theme. decorations
wise. it's all pretty standard.
but what these events lack
in personality.
they absolutely make up
for in diversity.
You really will get
to experience it all.
All except weddings.
Definitely not weddings.
Well. thanks for the call.
We'll talk soon.
-Liam!
-Ed!
How'd it go?
You were right.
This is one lucky bike.
And one lucky cupcake.
-Is that for me?
-That's for you.
She's all yours.
Thank you.
Honey. I'm sure their flight
just got a little delayed.
It's nothing to worry about.
No one texted me
before takeoff
and. I mean. why would they?
They're just the bride
and groom.
It's not like they should
check in with me or anything.
No. that would be crazy.
I'm sure they're flying
right above us as we speak.
They better be.
I'm just not sure if I'm going
to hug them or hyperventilate
when they finally get here.
I would hug.
But that's just me.
I'm sure tomorrow's going
to be wonderful. Emma.
You and Liam have worked
so hard.
I just want you to be able
to enjoy the wedding too.
It's kind of hard
when you're worried
about the bride and groom
getting stuck in a different
time zone.
Do you want to do some baking?
That might help you relax.
Italian wedding cookies.
in honor of the occasion?
Thanks. Mom.
But. I actually have to drop off
Miranda's dress at her house.
Maybe I'll wait for them
to get home too
since I can't rely on her
to call me.
Ah. ah. remember.
Hug her when she comes through
the door.
No hyperventilating.
I'll do my best.
Woah. you're kicking things
into high gear. literally.
Well. Brett and Miranda land
tonight and I promised Emma
I'd be in full wedding mode
in case she needs me.
I think you both have been
in wedding mode
for the past six weeks now.
Fair point.
How're you feeling?
About the wedding? Good.
Honestly? Proud.
I think Brett and Miranda
are gonna be really moved.
Emma. what she's done.
she's incredible.
-What?
-I didn't say anything.
She's just...
I'm glad it all
worked out
and we ended up working
really well together.
Stop doing that.
What. I'm not doing anything.
Clearly. Pass me the wrench.
One last thing here.
Finished.
Now. we wait for the bride
and groom to arrive
so the fun can begin.
But the real fun is how
you get them to leave.
That's always my favorite part.
Leave.
Yeah. are you doing
the old car and cans
or did you need me
to go paint
"just married" on
the windshield?
Oh. yeah. We completely
forgot about that part.
Oh. that's kind of a big thing
to forget.
Call Emma. I'm sure she'll have
a binder full of ideas.
Nope. she has enough
on her plate.
I got this.
♪
Miranda. where are you?
Hey. we're back.
Last wedding detail.
Feels so good to be home.
Tell me about it.
You almost gave me
a heart attack.
Ah. well it wouldn't be
a wedding
without a little
last-minute stress.
Again. not laughing.
Bring it in. you deserve a hug.
And a spa day.
Not until I see the two of you
walk down the aisle.
and tell me that's
still happening.
No last-minute consulting
catastrophes?
We are officially consulting
catastrophe free.
I'm so happy to hear that.
And I'm thrilled you are home.
Everything's ready.
Wow.
I am marrying the greatest
woman in the world
and getting a pretty incredible
sister-in-law because of it.
All right. ladies. I have a hot
date with a bubble bath.
Wedding pampering
officially starts now.
I gotta look my best
for the big day. right?
Mm-hm.
Emma. that dress.
It's gorgeous.
And. are you ready for
one last wedding surprise?
I figured you'd be
more comfortable in these.
Ah! Tennis shoes.
So. I don't have to
wear heels.
Is this really a gift
from Emma Hall?
Let's just say.
since you left
I've become a little
more spontaneous.
Well. planning a wedding
in six weeks would do that.
And. if you don't like
what've we've put together.
just blame Liam.
I am quite sure that whatever
you and Liam put together
will be everything and more.
Truly Emma. I am so grateful.
You are the best Maid of Honor
and the greatest sister.
How did I get so lucky?
Ok.
Enough pre-wedding emotions.
I am not supposed to cry
until tomorrow.
I am prepared for that as well.
You thought of everything.
Details are where I thrive.
Except. you forgot one detail
for yourself.
A date to the wedding.
I told you I didn't want
to bring anyone.
I want to be focused on you.
not some random date.
I can think of one person you
could bring who isn't random.
What's holding you back?
I guess. I just don't know
how he feels about me.
But do you know how you feel
about him?
Then tell him.
I know that you're scared.
but you can't live
your life afraid.
You have to chase after
your dreams.
Not hide from them.
-I love you.
I am confident.
I am brave.
I will chase my dreams.
not hide from them.
Sounds like a plan
to me.
And Natalie. let's just keep
this between us. ok?
I don't want to get ahead
of myself.
Totally understand.
Just between the two of us.
Great.
I'll call you later. Liam.
Thanks.
Emma?
Hey. great to see you again.
Yeah. You too. Natalie.
So. what were you
and Liam discussing?
Just some last-minute
flower plans.
Oh. Cool.
I gotta go make those bouquets.
I'll see you tomorrow
at the wedding.
Yeah. I'll see you then.
Bye.
Hey. I thought you were...
I finished early. so I just
wanted to give you this.
Thanks. I'm sure
it looks great.
You'll look great in it.
You do too.
In a suit?
I meant. in your dress.
In your dress.
Well. I think we're all set.
I triple-checked our list
and it's complete.
Back to being just Best Man
and Maid of Honor.
And corporate events.
So. you're still moving?
You took the job?
It's just really hard to turn
down. you know?
Right. Right.
So. are you still going
solo tomorrow?
Nope. He's found a plus one.
Oh.
I. who is it?
It's a surprise.
Let's just say that
he's found someone
that really gives him
the spark.
You know. tomorrow's
a big day for everyone.
so I think I'm gonna head out.
You sure?
Yeah. Wanna get eight hours
of beauty sleep.
Are you ok?
Totally. Never better.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Good night... Emma.
Hi. Mom.
Do you have time to make
those Italian wedding cookies?
I know when my daughter
has something on her mind.
I'm not sure it's just
one thing.
Well. you start talking
and I'll listen.
Is it about work?
That's definitely part of it.
Mm-hm.
I got offered a promotion.
Emma. that's fantastic!
Why aren't you jumping for joy?
Because the job is in Seattle.
Oh. I see.
Well. honey.
Seattle's not that far.
It's not just
about the distance.
It's about the job itself.
too.
I... I can't decide
if I want it.
Have you done your
pros and cons list?
About thirty of them.
Then what makes you happiest?
Because that's what's
most important.
I don't know.
Maybe think about it like this.
If you stay. what do you have
to lose in Seattle?
And if you go. what do you have
to lose here?
I tell you one thing.
you might miss my baking.
because I bet no one in Seattle
makes cookies like these.
Mm.
♪
Emma. it's exquisite.
I feel like one of those brides
in a magazine.
You will be.
The photographer I found
had the last three covers
of Bride Monthly.
If you don't become
a wedding planner. I swear-
Hey... Today is your day.
That doesn't mean
you can't have fun.
Planning on dancing with Liam?
He brought a date for that.
What?
I'm so sorry. Emma.
I had no idea.
It's not a big deal.
We had a job to do
and we did it.
End of story.
Now onto whatever's next.
And what is next for you?
Ladies. 10 minutes!
That's our cue.
Let me do one last run-through
and then we're ready.
Remind me why I'm having
to help you get ready?
I never learned how
to fix a tie.
Weren't you wearing one
to my engagement party?
Clip on.
Which reminds me. I have
something to give you.
Cufflinks.
Bike chain link.
Clever.
It's the least I can do
as best man.
Hey. you've gone above and
beyond in that department. man.
Thanks for everything. Liam.
I wish you the happiness.
You both deserve the best.
Well. we feel the same
for our best man.
♪
-Emma.
-Hey. Jamal.
It's nice to see you again.
Same.
Brett told me that you were
the wedding planner
and I had to say that you did
a remarkable job.
Actually I was more of
a stand...
Um. yes. Thank you.
I know this is a weird time
to ask.
but are you busy in three weeks?
Oh. Jamal. I'm flattered.
but...
Oh. because my sister's
getting married next year
and this is exactly the kind of
vision she's looking for.
Mind if I pass her
your information?
I would. but...
Oh. Jamal. I'm so sorry.
this is my boss.
Not a problem.
We can touch base
after the wedding.
Ok.
Hi. Danielle. what's going on?
Hi. I'll make it quick. Emma.
I know you're at the wedding.
I got the plans back
from the client
and just wanted
to let you know
that they've changed them
quite a bit.
How much?
The colors are back
to white and grey.
there's no big dessert table
and...
No dance floor?
I'm sorry. Emma.
But with the promotion
you wouldn't be dealing
with trivial details.
So what do you think?
No.
I. I can't take the promotion.
Danielle. thank you so much
for this opportunity. but I...
Say no more.
The company and I. we will
really be missing out.
But I completely understand.
So. do you know
what your next step is?
Yeah. weddings.
Huh. Why am I not surprised?
Ok. we are all set.
What took you so long?
I had to finish my last job
as wedding stand-in.
I couldn't have you
on the altar
wondering if your sister
was off to Seattle.
You didn't take the job?
You ready?
Without a doubt.
♪
-Hi!
-Hi.
Great band. huh?
I know. We picked them.
Is everything ok?
You all thought of everything.
huh?
-Nice shoes. man!
-Thanks!
Emma picked them out.
She tends to do that
for people she cares about.
Tends to dance pretty well too.
-Come on.
-No. I...
Don't squeeze so tight.
Sorry. You're moving
a little too fast.
You don't like my dancing.
maybe you should ask your date?
I'm sure she'd want to dance
with you.
She? Emma. I don't...
You don't have to explain.
Liam.
We don't owe
each other anything.
No. I guess we don't.
We did what we came here to do
and now we can just move on.
Move on?
Right.
Emma. listen. there's...
Emma. you mind if I steal
Liam for a second?
Of course.
He's all yours.
Everything is in place.
Great.
Yeah. let's go.
♪
How's my date?
Tired.
I forgot how much I love a good
dance until my feet reminded me.
Rest those feet so you can
help me with the cake.
Ed!
How's my favorite
baking partner?
We're so thankful you could
deliver the cake yourself.
Stick around. will ya?
Oh. no. I really couldn't.
I've got...
No. no. I think
it would be nice.
Well. I do like to dance.
♪
Uh. first off. Miranda and I
want to thank you all
for being here.
You've helped make
our special day
better than we could ever
have imagined.
But we would be remiss if
we didn't thank the people
who helped make our dream
come true.
Emma and Liam.
without you both none of this
would have been possible.
Would you like to say
a few words?
Miranda and Brett. seeing
the love between you today.
it is clear you are each other's
dreams come true.
But. Miranda recently told me
that your first meeting
wasn't exactly smooth sailing.
And you two ending up together
only happened because you gave
each other a second chance.
You've shown us all today that
second chances are worth it.
-I love you so much.
-I love you too.
I have to say. I'm enjoying
my wedding so much more
knowing that you're staying
in town.
Me too.
-Emma. I'm-
-Best man's up.
Um...
Yeah. hi. everyone.
I just want to quickly say
how happy I am
for Brett and Miranda.
Miranda. you look
absolutely beautiful
and cheers. to a happily
ever after.
Cheers.
Cheers!
Did you see where
Emma went?
Why?
I want to talk to her.
Emma might not want me
to tell you this.
but she's pretty upset you
brought a date to the wedding.
I didn't bring a date.
Oh. no.
♪
Emma?
Philip? What are you doing here?
Can you keep a secret?
Liam realized last second that
you didn't have a getaway car.
so he came up with this idea and
brought me along as the driver.
Wait. brought you?
You're Liam's plus one?
I know. I know.
I'm probably not as good of
a date as you would have been.
but I can still boogie.
Well. I probably should go.
It's time to bike the bride
and groom away.
Thank you. Philip.
No problem.
-See ya.
♪
Now that's what I call
a spark.
A getaway pedicab.
A detail that somehow
slipped my mind.
That's what makes us
such a great team.
There's something
I have to show you.
Right there.
Is that the logo I made you?
Yeah.
You remember those old
rusty bikes at the farm?
Yeah.
Well. you gave me the idea
to sell my restored ones.
Since Natalie knew the owners.
she connected me with them
and now people can rent them
all year round.
So. that's why Natalie was
at the shop yesterday.
Yep.
And Bowentown Cycle
is now official.
That's amazing.
Your dream come true.
Almost.
What do you say we give it
a second chance?
I'd like that.
At least before you move
to Seattle.
About that...
I turned the job down.
So. you really did.
And focus on my dreams
for a while.
Do those dreams
include weddings?
Yeah. I think they do.
That means you're going to have
to design a new logo.
This time for yourself.
Listen. I'm sorry if...
No. Liam. I'm sorry
about tonight.
When you told me you had
a plus one. I just assumed...
Emma. no one could ever
stand in for you.
♪